TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## README.md

* Current install instructions
* ncx documentation

## install.sh

* Verify v4 scripts against all supported targets

## ncx

* Excercism key from http://www.exercism.io/account/key
* Git user/pass for Github for uploading SSH public key
* Install and configure LightDM
* Install/configure desktop environment
  * Includes xmonad, dunst, rofi, polybar, tint2, scratchpad terminal (termite?)
* Install fonts
* Monitor connection / config
* script for wifi management easier than nmcli
* firewall management (e.g. allow chromecast)

## xmonad

* multi-monitor better support
* better layouts
* 'presentation mode' toggle (no borders, bars etc)

## Misc features

* Add `DOTNET_CLI_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT = 1` to everything, because fuck you Microsoft
* Better laptop sleep/resume on lid close (and lock on wake)
* remap caps lock to something not shit (probably mod key)
* LightDM greeter
* Investigate misc - firejail, allacrity
* use `trash` instead of rm
* screen locking - xautolock ?
* log view helper tool
* gpg stuff eg https://github.com/jaagr/shellscripts/blob/master/standalone/encryptandsign

### Notes to me
* dm-tool for bringing up lightdm
* rss on launch
* docker (firejail?)
* fish aliases
* music - cmus/cmus-remote?
* weechat
* icon packs
* taskwarrior or similar
* refactor installers for common GitHub releases installer script
* vodik xmonad
* replace figlet with toilet?
* asdf?
* feed reader - newsbueter? Termfeed? snownews? turses?
* Email - mutt?
* Some kind of start page
* noice, rover, ranger, mc, nnn
* stuff on k4m4-terminalsaresexy for inspiration
* udiskie (usb mounting etc)
* notify-osd, statnot
* ssh-agent, gpg-agent
* helper function to get latest tags and releases from github by project
* clean xmonad quit script -= https://github.com/thblt/DotFiles/blob/master/.xmonad/quit-xmonad.sh
* openvpn
* good xmonad multimon setup https://github.com/IvanMalison/dotfiles/blob/d49eb65e7eb06cff90e171c0f5c44d4dae3a5510/dotfiles/xmonad/xmonad.hs#L671
* gem install lolcat
* xmonad inspirat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70IxjLEmomg&feature=youtu.be
* dots https://github.com/OrionDB5/dotfiles
* xmonad conf https://static.charlieharvey.org.uk/src/xmonad.hs.txt
* mreq dotfiles for monitor management script select_display
* rebg and reui into script for turn bars on/off, specify wallp category etc
* sysinfo and screenfetch into something better

Commit message:

Fix ownership of .config after install from root to user

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

## Blocking

* $HOME/.config/* entries created as root owner instead of user

## README.md

* Current install instructions
* ncx documentation

## install.sh

* Verify v4 scripts against all supported targets

## ncx

* Excercism key from http://www.exercism.io/account/key
* Git user/pass for Github for uploading SSH public key
* Install and configure LightDM
* Install/configure desktop environment
  * Includes xmonad, dunst, rofi, polybar, tint2, scratchpad terminal (termite?)
* Install fonts
* Monitor connection / config
* script for wifi management easier than nmcli
* firewall management (e.g. allow chromecast)

## xmonad

* multi-monitor better support
* better layouts
* 'presentation mode' toggle (no borders, bars etc)

## Misc features

* Add `DOTNET_CLI_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT = 1` to everything, because fuck you Microsoft
* Better laptop sleep/resume on lid close (and lock on wake)
* remap caps lock to something not shit (probably mod key)
* LightDM greeter
* Investigate misc - firejail, allacrity
* use `trash` instead of rm
* screen locking - xautolock ?
* log view helper tool
* gpg stuff eg https://github.com/jaagr/shellscripts/blob/master/standalone/encryptandsign

### Notes to me
* dm-tool for bringing up lightdm
* rss on launch
* docker (firejail?)
* fish aliases
* music - cmus/cmus-remote?
* weechat
* icon packs
* taskwarrior or similar
* refactor installers for common GitHub releases installer script
* vodik xmonad
* replace figlet with toilet?
* asdf?
* feed reader - newsbueter? Termfeed? snownews? turses?
* Email - mutt?
* Some kind of start page
* noice, rover, ranger, mc, nnn
* stuff on k4m4-terminalsaresexy for inspiration
* udiskie (usb mounting etc)
* notify-osd, statnot
* ssh-agent, gpg-agent
* helper function to get latest tags and releases from github by project
* clean xmonad quit script -= https://github.com/thblt/DotFiles/blob/master/.xmonad/quit-xmonad.sh
* openvpn
* good xmonad multimon setup https://github.com/IvanMalison/dotfiles/blob/d49eb65e7eb06cff90e171c0f5c44d4dae3a5510/dotfiles/xmonad/xmonad.hs#L671
* gem install lolcat
* xmonad inspirat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70IxjLEmomg&feature=youtu.be
* dots https://github.com/OrionDB5/dotfiles
* xmonad conf https://static.charlieharvey.org.uk/src/xmonad.hs.txt
* mreq dotfiles for monitor management script select_display
* rebg and reui into script for turn bars on/off, specify wallp category etc
* sysinfo and screenfetch into something better
